Now for 2,000 years, from classical Greece and Rome, all the way through classical liberalism,
such ideas were considered an abomination.
The idea that you should be subject to somebody else's will, the idea that it's a wonderful
thing to have a job, it's a wonderful thing to spend most of your waking life as the
servant of a tyrant who has more power over you than Stalin ever dreamed of.
Stalin never said, you can have a bathroom break at 3 p.m. for five minutes, or here
are the kinds of clothes you have to wear.
So it seems like you have some similarities with Jordan Peterson on this issue, and I
wanted to know if you had any disagreements with what he says.
Frankly, I'd pay very little attention.
I mean, there's some issues, which I probably agree with Hitler, it doesn't mean much.
Vast outcry of outrage over the communist monsters who were carrying out this horrifying
bloodbath and so on and so forth.
Interestingly, in all of this, there was a tremendous amount of fabrication, just plain
fabrication of evidence.